Nina has an MSc in Mathematics-Economics and
is an industrial PhD student at DONG Energy.
Today Nina is presenting her research about
oil prices in the global market.
Her challenge will be to maintain their
interest and avoid too much criticism.
I'm adding the final touches to my presentation
for a conference in Australia in two weeks.
The presentation is about the connection between
oil prices and exchange rates. I have asked -
- some colleagues to be guinea pigs for my presentation,
and I'm very excited whether I'll be able -
- to capture their attention when presenting
this highly mathematical material, and whether -
- I'll get feedback that can make my presentation
a little more focused.
YOUR CAREER OPPORTUNITIES AS A
MATHEMATICS-ECONOMICS GRADUATE
I'm very excited to see whether they follow
my way of addressing the issue. And I hope -
- that they can give me useful feedback, so
that I'll be ready for the conference.
My name is Nina, I'm 30 and have an MSc in
Mathematics-Economics. I work at DONG Energy,
where I am doing an industrial PhD thesis
about the oil and gas market.
I'll present my current research, which
is on the correlation structure of commodity -
- prices and exchange rates.
With more than 240 speakers, the conference
ranks among the largest within mathematical -
- finance theory. And there will probably be
twice as many participants. I'm really excited -
- about doing my presentation down under, and
I hope that I get some new angles on my work -
- when I get feedback from my colleagues and
from the conference participants.
Thanks for your feedback. I will...
Good luck!
Today's presentation is over, and now I'll
have to incorporate the last corrections.
They say I can easily make the presentation
more technical without losing audience attention.
So I'll try to remove some of the simple stuff
and add more hardcore mathematics.
A good day for me is when I can tick off things
on my list and I've achieved minor milestones -
- in my research project.
So today was a good day!
Mathematics-Economics is an excellent study
programme if you're into mathematics -
- and also have an interest in the business sector.
YOUR CAREER OPPORTUNITIES
MORE INFO AT WWW.SCIENCEDENMARK.COM